heir of the periphery heir of a history of struggle on behalf of
survival
are also used to save the mother in this humble residence
when you are not in the maid service
David and the dragged between small home-based informal trade
and the education of the child
pieces given to the sata that was my mother
believe that about 5% of the aquila where the person is the creation what the
people can see certain things as it happened
certain things that can do harm
this deprivation of congratulations
this attack alvinegra said is my mother's blessing always studied in
public school
we researched walked to school in the last few years will now give
passed and even more promising on the way to university.
for many to pass the entrance exam is a dream the great goal
Congratulations to the talent and the sale 11 30 his name is on the approved list
the last one in the federal institute and in germany
in all results he is among the top ten
edenilson had no doubts in choosing to study law in the UFBA
federal institute or lena administration
we sure do have them natural greater economic weight and I know that I need
he was forgetting me, informal
Jaqueline is this society.
confidence was never lacking to the 17-year-old
in the report shown here on jn tv with enem candidates on the eve of
proof
it seemed that he already knew the result because he came from the race as 'normal' I think
that everybody sing this song
this psychological pressure but with attention
but you do not show approval yet much more than compliments
and honors from friends and family
dennison opened the doors has a bright future
a lot of people fought
the prices arrive on the side
if in the 60's
very happy with the result and without privileges - Sufis part of it
including doing
and as I said that my mother in my friends - we teachers
I'm here
very happy and very grateful and to all those who
though
tied